contextual logging: beta in Kubernetes 1.30 (#45288)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-logs.md

Reviewer: At some place in this page you could add a note that `ContextualLogging` was previously named `StructuredLogging` (assuming that is true).

Author: That was actually a mistake in the previous doc. The feature gate has always been `ContextualLogging`.

> ### Contextual Logging

Reviewer: (nit / good to fix before GA / yes, I know the rest of the file is also not following the style guide here)
```suggestion
### Contextual logging
```

their components, then log entries contain additional information that gets
passed into functions by their caller.

> Currently this is gated behind the `ContextualLogging` feature gate and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}}, this is gated behind the `ContextualLogging`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) and is
```

Author: Done.

I also updated the feature gate description.
